wait wait wait quiet quiet quiet there's
been a report out that 48 bomb threats
have been made against Jewish centers
all across the country in the last
couple of weeks there are people who are
committing activity or threatening to me
see he said he's gonna ask a very simple
easy question and it's not it's not not
a not a simple question not a fair
question okay sit down I understand the
rest of your question so here's the
story folks number one I am the least
anti-semitic person that you've ever
seen in your entire life
number two racism the least racist
person in fact we did very well relative
to other people running as a Republican
quiet quiet quiet so he lied about he
was going to get up and ask a very
straight simple question so you know
welcome to the world of the media would
you accept that that was a good example
of the smooth running of guff yeah I do
I do
let me tell you about the Jerry mistakes
wait wait I know who you are just wait
well I don't know I was given that
information I was given I've actually
I've seen that information around but it
was a very substantial victory do you
agree with that how much longer should
we stay here folks wait let's see who's
I want to find a friendly reporter you
said that the leaks are real but the
news is fake I guess I don't understand
it seems that there's a disconnect there
if the information coming from those
leaks is real then how can the stories
because porting is fake damn you know
what it is is it them the public isn't
you know they read newspapers they see
television they watch they don't know if
it's true or false
why not just say it's a story I don't
like I do that one I do the remaining
confidence here's the thing okay I
understand what you and you're right
about that except this see I know what I
should get good and when I should get
bad and sometimes I'll say wow that's
gonna be a great story and I'll get
killed I know what's good and bad I'd be
a pretty good reporter not as good as
you you want to include the
Congressional Black Caucus and the
Congressional well I would I tell you
what you want to set up the meeting do
you want to set up the meeting no no are
they friends of yours did I set up I
know some of them but I'm sure let's go
set up a meeting I would love to meet
with the black caucus I think it's great
the Congressional Black Caucus I think
it's great